hello YouTube once again welcome to get
outside and play today we have the bio
light stove as you've seen before but
this is the one-year update on a
performance of it and so far it's been
really really impressive as you can see
it gets rusty and mine's all discolored
I've used it hundreds of times hundreds
of times and it still works and last
weekend up near Mount Willy in the White
Mountains of New Hampshire I left it out
in a downpour we got about two inches of
rain overnight and this the bottom was a
puddle of water and it was soaked and I
shook it out and got a fire going and it
still works live it does get rusty and
mines uh mines pretty discolored but
I've used it hundreds of times over the
last year it still works as far as the
grill I've also used this hundreds of
times and one thing I noticed this will
rust up and it will stop functioning so
I just spray it or put a few drops of
vegetable oil on it and it keeps it free
and moving and you can see this panel
got this is it gets red-hot glowing just
about every time so it gets rusty and a
little a little discolored it still
works fine and this one too steel it's
not bright shiny like it used to be
well that's hundreds of uses the
one-year update on the bio light and
I'll take this out you can see this has
become a little discolored but still
functions fine I haven't noticed I did
recharge it over the winter and it took
a few hours connected to the computer on
a USB and recharge it the spring it was
it was good to go still functions I mean
charging function I don't know it's kind
of a side deal but it does work I put a
little power back in my phone and so for
that aspect I like it and if you if you
got a good fire going on the fans going
you don't get all the soot on your pots
that you would with a with a non-fan
driven wood-fired stove so I'm thinking
about getting the kettle pot I don't
really know why because I have I have
lots of pots to use with it already but
yeah maybe because it's a carrying case
for this unit I guess but I think I'm
going to do it try REI gave me a $20
whatever dividend so I might put that
towards it and I guess in September
violight said they're going to start
shipping the biolite base camp which I'm
very interested about that but for $300
I don't know if I'll ever get one enough
oh and the one thing this is still
broken these broke about the first use a
little used to be a plastic strap if you
saw my other video and I used to used to
connect these two to kind of hold it
these stay on even without the straps
not not terribly disappointed in the
grill surface stainless steel I use a
pretty pretty heavy-duty scouring brush
and get the stuff off in it
it comes back to life pretty good
but anyways that's the one year up still
going strong thanks for watching